8.8-alpha2 release notes (#5143)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/reference/release-notes/880.md

| 14 October 2025        | 13 April 2027                | -            | -            | -            |

## 8.8.0-alpha2

| Release date  | Changelog(s)                                                                                                                                                                                        | Blog                                                                                        |
| :------------ | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| 11 March 2025 | <!-- <ul><li>[ Camunda 8 core ](https://github.com/camunda/camunda/releases/tag/8.8.0-alpha2)</li><li>[ Connectors ](https://github.com/camunda/connectors/releases/tag/8.8.0-alpha2)</li></ul> --> | <!-- [Release blog](https://camunda.com/blog/2025/02/camunda-alpha-release-march-2025/) --> |

### Camunda Spring Boot SDK for the C8 REST API

> Camunda now provides a Spring Boot SDK for the Camunda 8 REST API, unifying process management, user tasks, and identity features under one dedicated starter. This simplifies the interaction between a Spring Boot application and Camunda 8, and allows you to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Spring Boot SDK is provided for the Camunda 8 REST API to unify process management, user tasks, and identity features under a single dedicated starter. This simplifies the interaction between a Spring Boot application and Camunda 8, allowing you to:
```
Rewording suggestion

- Easily integrate process entity management and queries within your workflows.
- Seamlessly configure endpoints and authentication via Spring Boot auto-configuration, minimizing boilerplate code.
- Rely on an official, standardized approach to guarantee consistency and reduce maintenance costs when upgrading.

> For more information, see the [Camunda Spring Boot SDK documentation](/apis-tools/spring-zeebe-sdk/getting-started.md).

Reviewer: Depending on whether you are adopting the "To learn more, see..." link format, these might need changing?

Author: Happy to make these uniform!
